{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23300\viewh16780\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Title: A high performance Video Segmentation Framework\
\
Domain: \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Computer Science and Applied Mathematics\
\
Author details:\
	Liudmila Karagyaur 		karagl@usi.ch\
	Lorenzo Ferri				ferril@usi.ch\
	Vanessa Braglia			braglv@usi.ch\
\
Abstract for review: \
Nowadays edge detection techniques have several applications. For example, a content based video retrieval is widely required for searching digital information in large databases. It also has an important role in the development of self-driving vehicles, that need to perform a real-time feature detection.\
The goal of this project is to find the main features of a video and to be able to follow their trajectories. In particular, we will analyse single video frames using edge detection, which is an image segmentation technique.\
There exists a great variety of clustering algorithms that perform efficient image segmentation. The first step of this project consists in analysing different clustering algorithms and detect the most suitable one to the problem at hand. \
In order to improve the performance of the clustering algorithm, the background of the frames will be removed and set to black. A convolutional neural network will label the obtained clusters and will allow the extraction of the main features of the image.\
Finally, the edge detection will be executed in parallel on each frame of the video, in order to improve the performance. The final result will be a video that will only contain its critical features.}